Thank you very much, everybody, for being here today. It is with great pride, very great pride, that I say these words to you right now: Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Welcome to the White House.

I want to congratulate you, Jeff, your wife Mary, and your entire family. Jeff Sessions has been a federal prosecutor at the highest level and at the most respected level, a state attorney general, and then a U.S. senator for two decades. He has devoted his life to the cause of justice and believes deeply that all people are equals in the eyes of the law -- and very importantly for Jeff and for so many of us, also in the eyes of God.

He’s a man of integrity, a man of principle, and a man of total, utter resolve. You just got a little witnessing of that. That resolve is what we need right now. America faces many challenges. We face the menace of rising crime and the threat of deadly terror. And it’s not getting better, but it will get better very soon. It’s going to get a lot better.

These dangerous times require a determined attorney general, which is what Jeff is. Jeff understands that the job of attorney general is to serve and protect the people of the United States, and that is exactly what he will do, and do better than anybody else can. He’s trained better for it than anybody else. The level of respect that he has throughout this country as a former prosecutor, not even to mention being a long-time U.S. senator, is absolutely incredible.

He will be a great protector of the people. I’m signing three executive actions today designed to restore safety in America. These executive actions continue to deliver on my campaign promises.

First, I’m directing Department of Justice and Homeland Security to undertake all necessary and lawful action to break the back of the criminal cartels that have spread across our nation and are destroying the blood of our youth and other people, many other people.

Secondly, I’m directing Department of Justice to form a task force on reducing violent crime in America.

And thirdly, I’m directing the Department of Justice to implement a plan to stop crime and crimes of violence against law enforcement officers. It’s a shame what’s been happening to our great, truly great law enforcement officers. That’s going to stop as of today.

Today’s ceremony should be seen as a clear message to the gang members and drug dealers terrorizing innocent people. Your day is over. A new era of justice begins, and it begins right now.

I want to again thank and congratulate Mary and our new Attorney General, Jeff Sessions. I wish you God’s wisdom and blessings in your journey. Mr. Vice President, would you please conduct the swearing-in. Thank you. Thank you very much for being here, everyone.