I'm honored to be here with Prime Minister Trudeau, whose father I knew and respected greatly. And he gave me a picture of myself and your father, and what a great picture. I will keep that in very special place -- at the Waldorf Astoria, together.

We're going to launch the Canada-United States Council for Advancement of Women Entrepreneurs. We have some of the great ones in this room -- and business leaders. We have so many great women leaders around the table today, and we're going to go through your names exactly, because many of you I know, some of you I don’t, so I want to find out all about you.

Women, as you know, I can say that from my past life, I had so many women executives who were phenomenal -- phenomenal -- and really helped me a great deal in business. So it was really fantastic. They play a tremendously important role, women in our economy. Women are the primary source of income in 40 percent of American households and households with children under the age of 18. In order to create economic growth and lots of very good, well-paying jobs, we must ensure that our economy is a place where women can work and thrive. And I think that's happening in the United States much more so, and Ivanka is very much involved in this. And I appreciate you being involved in it.

And I know, Justin, in Canada it's happening big league, and it's very important. We need policies that help to keep women in the workforce and to address the unique barriers faced by female entrepreneurs -- and they are unique. We need to make it easier for women to manage the demands of having both a job and a family, and we also need to make it easier for women entrepreneurs to get access to capital. And I guess pretty much all entrepreneurs, we have to help them out, because the system is not working so well for entrepreneurs getting capital. But it's in particular difficult for women, so we're going to get access to markets and access to networks.

And I look forward to hearing your advice. We're going to go around the table, and I want to really learn something today. And again, it's a great honor to be with you. And, Justin, I can say on behalf of our country, it's an honor to be with you.
