Thank you very much. Prime Minister Abe, on behalf of the American people, I welcome you to the very famous White House. You honor us with your presence. This is one of our earliest visits from a foreign leader, and I am truly glad that it could be from such an important and steadfast ally.

The bond between our two nations, and the friendship between our two peoples, runs very, very deep. This administration is committed to bringing those ties even closer. We are committed to the security of Japan and all areas under its administrative control, and to further strengthening our very crucial alliance.

The U.S.-Japan alliance is the cornerstone of peace and stability in the Pacific region. It is important that both Japan and the United States continue to invest very heavily in the alliance to build up our defense and our defensive capabilities, which, under our mutual leadership, will become stronger and stronger, and, as time goes by, ultimately they will be impenetrable.

We face numerous challenges, and bilateral cooperation is essential. Our country is committed to being an active and fully engaged partner. We will work together to promote our shared interests, of which we have many in the region, including freedom from navigation and of navigation, and defending against the North Korean missile and nuclear threat, both of which I consider a very, very high priority.

On the economy, we will seek a trading relationship that is free, fair and reciprocal, benefitting both of our countries. The vibrant exchange between us is a true blessing. Japan is a proud nation with a rich history and culture, and the American people have profound respect for your country and its traditions. I also want to take this opportunity, Mr. Prime Minister, to thank you and the people of Japan for hosting our armed forces.

Working together, our two countries have the ability to bring greater harmony, stability and prosperity to the Pacific region and beyond, improving countless lives in the process. We are committed to that goal -- highly committed.

Prime Minister Abe, on behalf of the United States of America, I thank you for being with us today. We will soon be traveling to the great state of Florida, where I know we will have a long and very successful talk, negotiations, and a very, very productive weekend.

Mr. Prime Minister.

Thank you very much. We’ll take a few questions, unless you don’t want to ask any questions, if that’s possible. Maybe we’ll start -- where is Daniel Halper, New York Post? Daniel.

Well, your question was unrelated to what we’re here for today, but I’ll answer it. We are going to keep our country safe, we are going to do whatever is necessary to keep our country safe. We had a decision which we think we’ll be very successful with. It shouldn’t have taken this much time because safety is a primary reason. One of the reasons I’m standing here today is the security of our country. The voters felt that I would give it the best security. So we’ll be doing something very rapidly having to do with additional security for our country. You’ll be seeing that sometime next week.

In addition, we will continue to go through the court process, and ultimately I have no doubt that we’ll win that particular case.

 feel totally confident that we will have tremendous security for the people of the United States. We will be extreme vetting, which is a term that I developed early in my campaign because I saw what was happening. And while I’ve been President, which is just for a very short period of time, I’ve learned tremendous things that you could only learn, frankly, if you were in a certain position, namely, President. And there are tremendous threats to our country. We will not allow that to happen, I can tell you that right now. We will not allow that to happen.

So we’ll be going forward. We’ll be doing things to continue to make our country safe. It will happen rapidly. And we will not allow people into our country who are looking to do harm to our people. We will allow lots of people into our country that will love our people and do good for our country. It’s always going to be that way, at least during my administration, I can tell you that.

Thank you. I will say that -- and you've seen it -- ever since I won the election and became President-elect, I’ve been telling companies, car companies and other companies -- many companies: Come back into the United States. And they've been coming back in. And big announcements are going to be made over the next short period of time. Some of you already know what those announcements are.

We lost a lot of our factories, a lot of our plants. And those factories and those plants will be coming back. And jobs will be coming back to Michigan and Ohio and Pennsylvania and North Carolina, and so many other places where we've lost so many jobs. And those are the people that were so good to me, and now I’m being good to them.

So we've had a tremendous number of announcements. We've had Ford and General Motors and many, many others -- Intel yesterday made a major announcement. And they did that because of what is happening with our tax structure, which is going along very well. And we’ll be having some very big news over the next short period of time.

But we are a nation of tremendous potential. And the expression “Make America Great Again,” I will tell you -- and I will add very strongly and with great assurance, it will be greater than ever before.

And I just want to thank the Prime Minister for a friendship. We developed a great friendship when we met in New York City, at Trump Tower. We spoke for a long, long period of time. And when I greeted him today at the car, I was saying -- I shook hands, but I grabbed him and hugged him because that's the way we feel. We have a very, very good bond -- very, very good chemistry. I’ll let you know if it changes, but I don't think it will. (Laughter.)

So I just want to thank the Prime Minister for being here. We're going to be meeting your wife in a very short period of time, and I look very much forward to that.

And I want to thank everybody in the room. We're going to have a tremendous relationship, long-term relationship of mutual benefit with Japan.

Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Prime Minister.

I had a very, very good conversation, as most of you know, yesterday with the President of China. It was a very, very warm conversation. I think we are on the process of getting along very well. And I think that will also be very much of a benefit to Japan. So we had a very, very good talk last night and discussed a lot of subjects. It was a long talk. And we are working on that as we speak. We have conversations with various representatives of China, I believe, that that will all work out very well for everybody -- China, Japan, the United States, and everybody in the region.

As far as the currency devaluations, I’ve been complaining about that for a long time. And I believe that we will all eventually -- and probably very much sooner than a lot of people understand or think -- we will be all at a level playing field, because that's the only way it’s fair. That's the only way that you can fairly compete in trade and other things. And we will be on that field, and we will all be working very hard to do great for our country. But it has to be fair. And we will make it fair.

I think the United States is going to be an even bigger player than it is right now, by a lot, when it comes to trade.  A lot of that will have to do with our tax policy, which you’ll be seeing in the not-too-distant future. We’ll have an incentive-based policy much more so than we have right now. Right now we don't even know -- nobody knows what policy we have. But we're going to have a very much incentive-based policy. We're working with Congress, working with Paul Ryan, working with Mitch McConnell. And I think people are going to be very, very impressed.

We're also working very much -- and this has a lot to do with business -- on health care, where we can get great health care for our country at a much-reduced price, both to the people receiving the health care and to our country. Because our country is paying so much, and Obamacare, as you know, is a total and complete disaster. So we’re going to end up with tremendous health care at a lower price. And I think people are going to be extremely happy. Difficult process, but once we get going -- and, as you know, Tom Price was just approved a few hours ago. So we finally have our Secretary, and now we get down to the final strokes.

Again, I want to thank everybody for being here. I want to thank Mr. Prime Minister. What an honor, what a great honor it is. And let’s go to Florida.